Documentation meta-descriptions review N° 5 (#5605)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/ruleset/ruleset-xml-syntax/decoders.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2015, Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::

>   :description: The Wazuh Ruleset is used to analyze incoming events and generate alerts when appropriate. Learn more about Wazuh and Ruleset XML syntax in this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: The Wazuh Ruleset is used to analyze incoming events and generate alerts when appropriate. Learn more about Wazuh and the syntax of decoders in this section.

```
